[docs] Lint all legacy docs for spelling, attributes, repeated words (#8194)
elastic/apm-server: docs/legacy/breaking-changes.asciidoc

these changes only impact users ingesting data with
{apm-server-ref-v}/jaeger.html[Jaeger clients].

> * Leading 0 seconds are no longer removed from Jaeger client trace/span ids.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Leading zeros are no longer removed from Jaeger client trace/span ids.
```

Author: Oh wow. 🙈

The following breaking changes have been introduced in 7.5:

* Introduced dedicated `apm-server.ilm.setup.*` flags.
This means you can now customize {ilm-init} behavior from within the APM Server configuration.
As a side effect, `setup.template.*` settings will be ignored for {ilm-init} related templates per event type.
See {apm-server-ref}/ilm.html[set up {ilm-init}] for more information.

* By default, {ilm-init} policies will not longer be versioned.

> All event types will switch to the new default policy: rollover after 30 days or when reaching a size 50 GB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All event types will switch to the new default policy: rollover after 30 days or when reaching a size of 50 GB.
```
